this nanodegree program requires you to
complete five different projects the
first project is the route planner
project in which you'll build a route
planner to find a route between any two
points in a real city using data from
the OpenStreetMap project the second
project is the system monitor project in
which you'll implement your own version
of the top program that identifies
variables relevant to your system and
prints out information about all the
different processes running on your
computer the third project is the
garbage collector project in which
you'll build your own version of smart
pointers a way to keep track of
dynamically allocated memory and prevent
memory leaks the fourth project is a
traffic simulation in this project
you'll use concurrent multi-threaded
programming to organize traffic flow
through a city each vehicle will run on
its own thread and you'll use thread
synchronization in communication to help
the vehicles navigate intersections and
help traffic flow smoothly through the
city the final project of this
nanodegree program is the capstone
project in this project you'll build
your own C++ application using many of
the different skills and techniques that
you've learned as part of this
nanodegree program